A stack is a linear data structure that follows the last in first out(LIFO) or
First in last out(FILO) principle.
It can be implemented using an array by treating the end of the array as the
top of the stack.

A stack can be impelented using an array where we maintain:
    1)An integer array to store elements.
    2)A variable capacity to represent the maximum size of the stack.
    3)A variable top to track the index of the top element. Initially, top = -1
        indicate an empty stack.

Operations on stack:
    1)Push operation - Adds an item to stack.
    2)Pop operation - removes an item from the stack.
    3)Top/Peak operation - returns the top element of the stack.
    4)isEmpty operation - returns true if the stack is empty, else false.
    5)isFull operation - returns true if the stcak is full, else false.

Push operation :
Adds an element to the stack, if the stack is full, then it is said to be
an overflow condition.
    1)Before pushing the element to the stack, we check if the stack is full.
    2)If the stack is full(capacity - 1), then the stack overflows and we cannot
        insert the element to the stack.
    3)Otherwise we increment the value of top by 1 (top = top + 1) and the new 
        value is inserted at the top position.
    4)The elements can be pushed into the stack till we reach the capacity of the
        stack.

Pop operation :
Removes an item from the stack. The items are poped in the reverse order in which
they are pushed.
If the stack is empty, then it is said to be underflow  condition.
    1)Before poping the element from the stack, we check if the stack is empty.
    2)If the stack is empty(top == -1), then the stack underflows and we cannot
        remove any element from the stack.
    3)Otherwise we store the value at top, decrement the value of top by 1
        (top = top - 1) and return the stored top value.

Top/Peak operation :
Return the top element of the stack.
    1)Before returning the top element from the stack, we check if the stack is
        empty.
    2)If the stack is empty (top == -1), we simply print stack is empty.
    3)Otherwise, we return the element stored at index = top.

isEmpty operation :
Returns true if the stack is empty, else false.
    1)Check for the value of top in stack.
    2)if(top == -1), then the stack is empty so return true.
    3)Otherwise, the stack is not empty so return false.